[MUSIC]
>> Scott: What I want you
to do now is a few things.
I want you to create a component
right here that has a button,
something you can click on.
And when you click it, I guess we could
jump right in since this is an async.
When you click it, if you have my changes,
then you have this UI reducer here.
Or where is it at?
There you go, you have this UI reducer
here that sets the modal's visibility.
So when you click it, you should make
an action that sets this visibility.
And then what I want you to do is, and
I didn't show you this component because
actually, you can just read it..
>> Scott: If
you go to the React Native docs and
you look for
modal.
>> Scott: When you click it,
it should open up a modal, that's it.
The modal is actually really easy to use.
You just use modal and
you just say if it's open or not.
Don't worry about closing it right now.
Just try to get the modal to open
when you click the button, that's it.
But you should definitely make
it go through redux though.
So when you click the button, fire off
an action of the type, if you're using
the stuff that I put down, the type
should be SET_EXERCISE_VISIBILITY.
The payload should be true.
And then that modal which is bind right
to that state where it says visible,
that's where it's gonna bind to.
So that's the thing that's changing,
whether it's a visible or
not.
>> Scott: And that's it,
that's all you gotta do.
If you get that far and you still need
something else to do inside the modal,
if you look at the design,
>> Scott: Here,
there's the same topbar
component that we just made.
Bring that topbar component in.
But instead,
put a input bar inside of it and
style it to make it look like that.
So we know how to input cuz that's
the first thing we did yesterday with
the Todo app.
So you could bring that in and
try to style it a little like that.
I can promise you it's gonna
be a little difficult, yes.
>> Speaker 2: Question,
should we be concerned
that the React Native
modal is deprecated?
>> Scott: No, you shouldn't be concerned
because it still works great.
>> Scott: Yes, yeah,
it's fine.
>> Scott: Unless
you have a better modal solution,
then I would just use that one, yeah.
And actually,
I'm pretty sure it's not deprecated.
Where did they see deprecated?
The only thing that's deprecated
is this animated property.
The modal itself is not deprecated.
Yeah, if it was deprecated,
you'd actually get a warning right here.
Like a yellow warning that pop,
this thing is deprecated in this release.
Next release, we just won't use it at all,
I'll tell you that.
Yeah, the animated property is
deprecated in favor of animationType.
So instead of just put animated true or
false, it allows you to say, hey,
what type of animation do you want,
slide or fade?
>> Scott: Yeah, so
this is fine.
>> Speaker 3: I have
a question about sizing things.
What's best practice?
Say you make a design for
the small iPhone, or
make one for the big iPhone, right?
And pack as much as you fit on there,
like that.
>> Scott: Right.
>> Speaker 3: How is it gonna look in
practice on the small one?
Do you have to make separate style?
>> Scott: No,
because everything's flex.
>> Speaker 3: Yes.
>> Scott: So it should be fine,
yeah.
>> Speaker 3: So like the unit, say
if you make it 60 unit.
>> Scott: Okay, so now if you do all
the units, then yeah, you're gonna
have to do the conversion yourself.
I wouldn't just put it on there and
expect it to be okay.
There's gonna be some big differences
where you have to change some things.
I mean, it's the same thing with the web.
If you have, first done about
display versus 11-inch MacBook Air,
things are gonna look different.
So, you should know how to look for
it and change it yourself.
>> Speaker 3: Probably a good reason
to like back in the percentages.
>> Scott: Yeah,
you can do them instead of just things-
>> Speaker 3: It makes wonder why you have
to go out of your way to do that.
>> Scott: I don't know,
that's a good question.
>> Speaker 3: Right.
>> Scott: Yeah, I wonder why they do that.
I actually think that they
scale the stuff for you.
Because I think the units
are relative to the screen in fact.
So if you just use the units, I think
you're actually fine, to be honest.
We can try it on-
>> Speaker 3: Depending on the,
I don't know, the aspect ratio, right?
>> Scott: Right,
the aspect ratio of the device.
So if unit's 6 Plus and
you say this is 60 units,
I think that's gonna look
different in 60 units on a 4S.
It's not gonna be the same value.
I mean, it's not gonna be the same,
what am I looking for?
Yeah, it's gonna be different
relative to that screen.
I believe that's the way they do it.
Otherwise, you wouldn't know what
device you're on, so it would be crazy.
So yeah,
I think that's how they handle that.
>> Scott: Cool,
yeah, cuz it's density pixels,
so yeah they do.
That's how it works, it's the density.
Yeah, so the screen density pixels,
yeah, that's definitely how it works.
So yeah, you should be fine there.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah,
do they each have the same
number of density pixels?
That probably varies from device to
device.
>> Scott: Yeah, it varies.
What I'm saying is if you had
60 density pixels on the most
high resolution iPhone 6 Plus,
it might be this big.
But if you do the same 60
density pixels on a 4S,
it won't be the same
size it is on a 6 Plus.
So it's not gonna be huge on the phone,
it'll just be smaller.
>> Speaker 3: What I mean is,
I don't know, say it's 100.
The screen has 100 density pixels wide.
So, you make some element that's 100,
maybe another device would have 80.
>> Scott: I see what you mean, yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Is there is any
rule of thumb?
>> Scott: I think once you max
out, you max.
The other one can only go to 80 and
you put 100, then it's just max.
You just hit 80 and there's nothing more.
I don't think it'll draw off screen.
I think you're fine, but we can test it.
We'll do that after the workshop and
see what happens.
>> Speaker 3: Well, it won't get cut off,
right?
>> Scott: I'm not sure actually,
I don't know how they do it.
I think they do handle it
where it doesn't get cut off.
I'm not too sure, actually.
I've read it on Android, but
I can't say the same for iOS.
That's why I'm not sure.
>> Scott: Cool, so
any questions on what
we're gonna be doing?
So remember, we're doing two things.
>> Scott: Create this,
where I can click on something.
Which you need to create an action
that when clicked is gonna dispatch.
So you just gotta do a couple of things.
It means you need to connect this
CurrentWorkout, this UI thing,
you need to connect it.
Or actually, not even the CurrentWorkout.
I think you can probably
just connect the Main.
Or CurrentWorkout,
whichever one you want to connect.
You just need to connect one of them.
And you can pass in the actions.
And on click in the CurrentWorkout,
we wanna click something and
have the modal launch up.
>> Scott: That's it,
and have it go to redux.
So let me push this stuff up and
you can start here.
>> Scott: So it's on a 3rd-party branch.
>> Scott: With a 3, and yeah,
again if you get really far with that,
go ahead and
try to style the input box inside
that modal according to the designs.
You can't really just style
the input box like that.
You have to wrap it in a view.
You have to do some other stuff.
It was a little more challenging
than I thought it was, but
it's totally possible to do that.
And in the next exercise,
we'll actually add
this fuzzy searching and
stuff like that in.
And we'll add the API, stuff like that.